1. Please do not use the toilet near your parents when you are under 7, your parents will record you and then upload it to youtube.
Thanks.
2. Although it seems that everything went ok, nothing went ok, failing to comply to this rule will end on your mother sending you to Venus.
3. Just like rule 2, assuming that nothing went ok will yield the same result
4. If you are a member of the FBI, go after the bad people, not frogs.
5. Do not bribe your teacher.
6. Although the FNF copyright thing says 'go crazy bro', you must not go crazy, failing to comply may yield on prison time.
7. DO NOT insult your classmates even if they come and pee on the bathtub while you're there. I will murder you.
8. Despite the creator of a fic saying that the character is 18, THEY ARE NOT. They're just making excuses, the character is obviously 13, the canon age, not 18. Failing to comply will result on a cancellation and then jail time.
9. Forbidden to fall in love on valentine's day.
10. It all works out
11. You are not allowed a credit card at 12 if you are a boy, the government hates boys.
12. If you dare to use Tupperbox you will be sent to Gulag.
13. Do not lock someone else's toilet.
14. If you see Bubble, do not stand behind him. Failure to comply will result on death.
15. If you escape jail while being Bandu or Expunged, I swear to God, I will track you, find your address, and brutally murder you until there's no solid matter left.
16. Do not ignore me. I had a tough 2022 :C
17. You're just going to scroll by without saying 'hi' to Coiny?
18. <--- The age of consent.
19. Usage of the Pleading Face is strictly forbidden, violators will be get their leg ripped and will be used as a sword on them.
20. Minor spelling mistake, i win.
21. Do not light your fart on fire. Don't be like Pen.
22. Keep your weight under 200 kg when underaged or else you're grounded
23. Do not act like nothing happened if your friend literally got stabbed by a hyperlaser sword.
24. Please specify what taco you want. Not specifying will lead to getting a taco of human flesh.
25. If you're going to talk to the mother of a girl who punched you on school, then talk to her, not kiss her.
26. She's not a sweet little girl.
27. Your new spell sucks.
28. Forbidden to eat blueberries.
29. Do not play VR Chat, Failing to comply will end on your mother finding a man on your closet.
30. Do not interrupt Luz while she's digesting the artist. In fact, how are you going to interrupt her if an air strike is going on? Go die. 
31. Please make sure you bring a beer case before going out the house.
32. If your spell consists of exploding in million pieces then you are a stupid idiot, you will get the stupid idiot role.
33. If you think the definition of sus is drawing werewolves, then you are sadly mistaken. although i wish it was :C
34. If you dare to say something about the rule number you will be sent to the sewers.
